=========================================================
Welcome to Agent Based Model used in the paper entitled :
=========================================================

Cooperation Optimized Design for Information Dissemination in Vehicular Networks using Evolutionary Game Theory, 2012.
======================================================================================================================

Abhik Banerjee, Vincent Gauthier, Houda Labiod, Hossam Afifi
############################################################

:Info: See `the site <http://complex.luxbulb.org>`_ for more information. See `GitHub <http://bit.ly/TgiaJZ>`_ for the latest source and `Online Documentation <https://cooperativenetworking.readthedocs.org/en/latest/>`_ for the lastest update on the package documentation.
:Author: Vincent Gauthier
:Maintainer: Vincent Gauthier <vgauthier@luxbulb.org>

About
=====
This python package an Agent Based Model used in [BAN12]_ lastest sources could be found at the fllowing repository: `GitHub <http://bit.ly/TgiaJZ>`_ for the latest source.

This Toolbox include:

- Agent based model use in [BAN12]_ in the simulation directory

- Various simulation examples used in [BAN12]_ could be found in the example directory

- Human Based Mobility Models in the complex_systems directory
	- Truncated Levy Flight Model [Rhee08]_

.. [BAN12] Abhik Banerjee, Vincent Gauthier, Houda Labiod, Hossam Afifi, "Cooperation Optimized Design for Information Dissemination in Vehicular Networks using Evolutionary Game Theory", 2012.

.. [Rhee08] Injong Rhee, Minsu Shin, Seongik Hong, Kyunghan Lee and Song Chong, "On the Levy-walk Nature of Human Mobility", INFOCOM, Arizona, USA, 2008.

Documentation
=============
You will need sphinx_ installed to generate the documentation. Documentation
can be generated by running **sphinx-build -b html . build/**. Generated
documentation can be found in the *doc/build/html/* directory. Or consult the `online documentation`_ .

Testing
=======

The easiest way to run the tests is to install `nose
<http://somethingaboutorange.com/mrl/projects/nose/>`_ (**easy_install
nose**) and run **nosetests** or **python setup.py test** in the root
of the distribution. Tests are located in the *tests/* directory.

.. _sphinx: http://sphinx.pocoo.org/
.. _`online documentation`: https://cooperativenetworking.readthedocs.org

